Upon first thinking about this problem, I thought this strategy had some potential to stabilze the levels of both organisms. 

It seems that it can help in certain situations if the reduction percentage, current state of the system, and rates of increase 
of the organisms are all aligned in a manner that allows for this potential to be realized.

If the alpha values for each organisms are both greater than 1, then the model fits into the case observed in question 1 of this
homework in which the stable equilibrium points are along the x and y axis and the model gravitates to eliminating one of the
organisms from the population. This can be seen in figure q2_1... In this case, eventually one of the populations will collapse no
matter how often we decrease if we are decreasing by a constant factor in both populations as can be seen in this same figure.

If the alpha value for one organism is greater than 1 and the alpha value for the other is less than 1, then this will fit into
one of the other cases of the Lotka-Volterra model in which the organisms with alpha value greater than 1 will eventually dominate
if nothing is done to stabilize the model. This can be seen in figure q2_2...

In this case, if we decrease the values of both populations by a constant factor, then the population values at the time of 
reduction matter greatly. We can see from the phase space streamplot where the model is trending given the population values. If 
the population has gained too much momentum in elimination of one of the species, then reducing the population will not matter 
regardless of the interval or amount of reduction. A happy balance can be struck by playing with the values of r for both of the
populations. As we push r higher for a species, that species has more survivability.

If the model has not gained this momentum, then it is possible to stabilize the two organisms within the system by the
reduction in both populations. Again, this can be achieved by modifying the value of r for the populations and the population
values as in figure q2_3... compared with q2_2... and q2_4... compared with q2_5...

What classifies as too much momentum is tough to say mathematically, but we can look at a stream plot to get an idea. See figure x.

Additionally, we have included a python file (question2_reduction_pop.py) that allows for parameters to be varied and can be
experimented with to find what works and does not.